---
title: "What I'm doing now"
slug: "now"
date: 2024-10-10
---

I'm in Hanoi. Despite having one of the highest air pollution in the world,
this city is fantastic for my SEAsia come back. Wait, did I write "come back"?
Yes! If you keep track on my where page (link's at the bottom), you could
notice I visited Russia for the first time in the last two years. I had urgent
paper work to do. In Russia I visited my family and met people I haven't seen
since studying. At last, I had two precisely planned one-day stopovers in
Moscow in Hong Kong.

In Moscow, I've had a chance to meet with a HSE university group. I've never
met some of them before but I've been reading their Telegram channels a few
years ago imagining that one day I have to visit Moscow to ask for an invite to
one of their cozy meeting. This time I was having a layover from morning to
evening and a cheeky message leaded to an almost 4 hour lunch with this exact
gang! I had fun and unexpectedly deep conversations, and even though I'll
probably never meet most of these people again, it made my day special.

Then, I arrived Hong Kong. I'm struggling to finish a Russian blog-post with
random pictures from my trip. To be short, this city turned out to be much less
serious and fancy as I thought. Their land situation is CRAZY, and poorly
googled explanation is upsetting (prices are intentionally outbalanced by
government) but public transport and plenty of great food made me wanting to
get back to the city.

So, now I'm in a city where people eat dogs and breath motorbike emissions.
These parts are bad, others are nice. I walk (with the mask), I've found my
favourite tea house with an awesome woman owner, and I'm utilising my climbing
membership twice per week.

Although, somewhen in 10 days I'm planning to move to Da Nang. There're
beaches, close people coming... Any my birthday!

My Chinese is improving with a better pace but I'm still not quite happy with
my progress. I still struggle to make my own Anki decks because typing Hanzi
(this "这") and pinyin with tone marks (this "zhè") is hard. Oh, nevermind!
I've just found a way to configure my input method for these tone marks. Wǒ hěn
kù!

In the next month, I'm planning to celebrate my birthday, publish my secret
winter project, memorize whole HSK1 vocabulary to a perfect level and start
with HSK2. Oh, also seems like I'm heading to Hong Kong for another one-day
trip! More about it later.

---

This is a now-page. Read more or scroll now-pages of others: https://nownownow.com/about

Find where to find me on the exact date: [where/](/where/)

The date under the title is a date of the last update.
